Do it.
You may proceed.
Now to conclude this, Mr. Masterson, after this.
Mr. Shine M. Smith,
quote, in the testimony of page 1119,
we have better send this right up,
because Mr. Jenkins is anxious to have it,
and so we have better not open it.
If that got said in that room,
where you present when it was said,
I don't recall, uh, just saying that.
He may have said that.
And if those words were spoken,
where they spoken in your presence,
they may have been, I don't, uh...
And then his last sentence was,
and I remember Mr. Masters taking the picture.
You remember that you took the picture?
No, I never had one.
Except, uh, let me ask this.
I said before, I took the picture.
So subsequently brought it up here.
I gave it to Mr. Julianne.
You can do this to us.
Uh, is that any further questions?
Here, I'm sorry sir.
Any further questions?
Uh, no further questions.
Mr. H.
Mr. Masters, I want to clear,
if one matter here is possible,
and tell me if I'm correct,
where the committee's trying to claim the fact
you understand that, yes sir?
If the villains, and if that you may,
try to be shy in the airplane, yes sir?
At the airport, yes sir.
That feeling he'd together,
with no one else present,
then went to Room O-1 with a package
which you understood contained in photograph.
Uh, sir.
My aunt was with me.
And, uh, who was with me?
My aunt.
What did you say?
We called in, and we called any mountain sealer.
Go ahead, I'll go back there.
And, uh, by she was driving her car.
Well, I'm not interested in that,
and that did she go to Room O-1 with you?
She, she left this office,
this is Senate Office building.
And, uh, uh,
and Dr. Shiner and I, uh,
went together to Room 101.
Will this put a photograph?
Did you understand it, yes sir?
And into a private room?
Yes sir.
Now we're trying to find out,
and it's obvious, and I'm sure you understand it, Mr. Nastus.
Who next came in the possession of that photograph?
Sir, if I know or I would tell you I don't know,
what time of day or night was it when you and that Mr. Shiner
went to Room 101,
before we came immediately from the airport?
But I don't know what time it was.
We came, uh, about three or more.
Three in the afternoon.
Three in the afternoon, during working hours.
Yes sir.
Mr. Shiner.
Then we extend the midnight.
Yes sir.
Mr. Shiner.
Could you have the final warning?
Uh, I'm not going to suggest in the room that we have the witness here,
who handled the photograph,
who handled the removal of the colonel from the photograph,
what had blown up.
I would suggest you put him on the stand if we want the fact.
We all know that all this young man did
is pick up Shiner the airport and bring him back.
And we've got him here.
Well, that's the end of the picture.
We have a final warning here.
Mr. Shiner, the board is ready to be served with his same language.
He just told the room to be served with Mr. Welp.
Mr. Sherman, the committee and the council have been determined
the order is requesting him the order is there.
Mr. Sherman, I am trying to cut this down.
I want to tell you now that we have a witness who will testify
that he has a picture with these three people on it.
The one who's substantially the same as Mr. Welp presented,
that he took that picture and he will explain how
when, where, why, the third man was cut off.
I would suggest if he were put on the stand,
we may save an awful lot of time.
The planning is very shocking,
I have a question if he would ask,
if you know my address today,
we could be moving much faster.
We have no address today,
and that information is all done
to the Mr. Munster,
to minute the customer picture came up.
So we have no address today.
I want to leave that one in the water.
If I may, I have a question to witness who's here with English,
I would suspect any information having been given to anybody.
Having been given to anybody,
and I might, well, I could not be very hungry,
we said in my cards,
it's in some way that all members of the committee
will know what information has been given.
It's going to be criticism of us examining the witness
as I understand it,
or a preference on this committee,
and to examine the witnesses to try to get the truth.
You're ever seen in St. Petersburg,
Mr. Masters,
do you, can you give us an answer yes or no?
As to whether or not you left,
room 101 that is Mr. Conley's cards
of his first,
I did Mr. Shindley there for sure.
I honestly cannot remember which one of us left for it.
So now, Mr. Masters,
here is the testimony given by Private Shind.
And I'm not indicating that it's disturbed to me,
I want for the explanation you can give of it.
Before asking you that question,
as I understand it, you have told us that subsequent life, too.
You brought a photograph
from the staff office
to Mr. Duneana carrying this room,
obviously to deliver to me by Presolo,
what's the number two?
Now, when was that?
Well, sir, I guess it was trying to make it easier for you.
When was it with reference to the time
that you and Mr. Shind went to Room 101
at 3 p.m. with that original package?
Was after that?
I know it was after that.
But I knew it was at 3 p.m.
At first, I thought,
I couldn't remember when your staff was interviewed on the ice.
I thought that it was a day or two later.
I couldn't quite remember.
But from what was said,
it appears that it must have been the same day.
You say it was the same day.
It's carrying and hearing.
That is, it would have been such with the three-pog and the afternoon.
Oh, yes, sir.
And you think it was that same attitude
that you brought this picture up here
delivered to Mr. Duneana?
Sir, at first, I thought it was a day or two later.
I can't remember.
What do you think an armistro, that's all?
Well, from what has been said,
apparently it was the same day.
That's the same day.
So that,
if the original photograph
that Mr. Shine took to Room 101
at 3 p.m. afternoon
was a photograph of three persons.
And if that photograph was brought to this room
that same day by you and delivered to Mr. Duneana,
it was either important or you photograph of three persons
or that same day, sometimes,
between three o'clock and the time
this committee adjourned in series.
The photograph of one individual
has been cut from it,
you such a fact did occur.
Now is that correct, sir?
And in the meantime,
the picture that's been blown up
are in line.
Is that correct, sir?
All in the course of
the time intervening between three o'clock and the afternoon
and the time of adjournment of this committee.
Yes, sir.
If it wasn't the same day, I still can't remember the exact...
Apparently it was the same day.
I can't remember the exact...
And I think that your Mr. President
was under the notice after talking
with the June interview
of all of the various members of the staffs.
I...
That's my solution.
You know how long it takes to...
...just promise.
The picture of an individual has had its blow left.
The last year in British, I don't know anything about that.
I don't see this, sir.
I've never had anything.
I don't recall anything that is wrong.
Well, now, let me ask you this, Mr. Nantes.
I'm meeting from my five-inch-line testimony page 1119.
I've been shy, yes, sir.
And therefore, I do remember giving him the photograph
because he came with me to the office.
He was afraid you wouldn't.
And as a matter of fact, one of the staff came in and said,
let me see the picture of you, Secretary Steven.
Now, that for your information is the testimony of Mr. Shang.
Did you recall, remember, the staff coming in and saying,
in effect, let me see the picture of you, Mr. Steve.
Well, no.
It's...
That was Mr. Steve Recalli.
Not specifically, maybe.
Well, not specifically, but maybe got some recollection.
I didn't get your answer.
I don't remember.
You don't remember one way or the other.
No.
Leaving further from Mr. Faye's testimony.
Mr. Shang's testimony.
And I say that he was...
...and Mr. Shang's testimony.
...they could Shang say it.
We had better send this right up because Mr. Jason's life is to have it.
So we had better not open it.
And I remember Mr. and Matt just taking the picture.
Oh, I never took it.
I never took it.
Immediately after he had put it on the desk there,
I didn't take it.
Subsequently, when I came back, I was told when I was told to bring it up here.
Then I took it.
Where's that out of sequence?
Do you mean, maybe, hours?
I don't know.
May have been...
...to see it first.
I thought it was a couple of days later or a day later.
There is a now.
Well, from your...
...your first interview, apparently, was the same thing.
And it must have been a few hours later and an hour later, I don't remember.
Well, Mr. and Matt just...
...if Mr. Shang is correct.
I'm not sure this is a proper question of it.
Is that a good stuff?
I won't try to take the time.
But if Mr. Shang is correct, then that picture was sent almost immediately to me by you as the ever say,
I should have been taken into the private office to risk on this cost.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. McCarty.
The point is that the border here, some of the sunbursts have been asking me,
by the fact that we haven't given all the information about this picture,
which is how I would like to, as a courtesy, to have counsel put in the record of this time,
the fact that the minute the question of the three pictures came up,
Mr. Wilson, that it wouldn't come up, Mr. Shang, the wall, the one that was putting everything.
The minute that came up, that the staff has given all of the information.
And I've had it ever since.
There is no answer to that, because I gather from the questions asked me by some reason,
as I feel that this information has been freely given, I think, in fairness to me and my staff,
that should be made clear.
I desire to make it clear that no member of Senator McCarty's committee has done anything except cooperate fully,
and that they have assured me that they will finish the witnesses to develop all the facts
with respect to this photograph.
As a staff, I mean Senator McCarty's staff.
Now, frankly, Mr. Chairman, I don't think that I should proceed further with trying to develop the facts with respect to this.
Until Mr. Shang is asked one or two additional questions,
I can put on Mr. G. Lee Annis.
I think perhaps Mr. Shang has returned to the room.
I'd like to have Mr. Shang for one or two questions.
Before Mr. G. Lee Annis put on.
If he has not returned, Mr. Chairman, I'm sure that I will be able to contact him.
I told him on the screen this noon.
Where is it now? I frankly don't know.
I don't know.
Who is this all I can't ask, Mr. and I still said that no one else cares to know what a call Mr. Lee Annis.
If I'm in front of him, if Shang is on the way from point one, I will.
Any objections to calling Mr. G. Lee Annis and dismissing his witness?
Chairman, I'm removed from that course of procedure before.
Mr. G. Lee Annis, if you may step down, Mr. Lee Annis, come to the stand.
Yes, sir. It's work. Text money about the gifts you've given us.
Ten seconds for station identification.
This is W.A.V.C. New York, AM and FM, 770 on your dial.
Now we return you to the McCarthy Army hearing.
I'll back to the McCarthy Army hearing where Jim Juliana of the McCarthy staff is on the witness staff.
Point this inquiry is directed to you not, sir.
In order to save time and expedite this matter, such a thing is possible.
I won't you, Mr. Juliana, soon now.
Tell this committee in a chronological way, all you know about a photograph
that was delivered to him 101 by private shine and Mr. Annis.
Being a photograph, I think it is completed.
Austin, Secretary Stevens, Mr. Shine and her and Mr. Turner Bradley.
And please do it chronologically.
Mr. Jenkins, the first time I ever heard of a photograph.
And for the purposes of identification, I hand you the photograph to which reference has been made.
The first time I ever heard reference to a photograph of Secretary Stevens and by the shine was one evening last week in the office of Mr. Carr.
When you were discussing with Mr. Cohn, the McCarthy Cohn car side of the controversy, I was in and out of the room at the time.
And the question of a photograph came up.
I recall that you asked Mr. Cohn if the photograph was available or it could be made available.
And I believe the answer that it could.
Sometimes during that meeting, I was given to believe that the photograph would be brought down from New York by someone.
I don't know who.
An interruption will not disturb you, will it be?
Without telling what was said, I will ask you whether or not at the time of my conference with Mr. Cohn in the preparation of the staff side of this controversy, I was told and please do not tell me what I was told.
I was told who requested the taking of that photograph.
Without I believe you were, sir.
And was it them that I asked whether or not the photograph was in existence and could be produced?
Yes, sir.
How you may proceed.
I believe at that time, Mr. Cohn said to me that the picture would be brought to Washington and that when it arrived, I should take care of it.
The next time I heard about the picture was the afternoon of the first day's hearing, which I believe were last Thursday.
When a package was delivered to me in this caucus room by Mr. Anastas, I did not know what was in the package except that there was a picture.
The package from feeling it, you could tell that it was a frame and a rather large frame and it was heavily wrapped in brown paper.
I did not tell the other guy, Paki, when I went down to 101, physically carried the picture to 101 for the first time there I saw this picture.
Being a picture of the Secretary of the Federalist, but that is the time that we have been brought.
It has been made this program.
Very well.
I unwrap the picture and I immediately tell all the Mr. Donserry and the Secretary.
Donserry and I just got in line with the picture.
I must go back just a second.
When the picture arrived in the caucus room, I immediately said to Mr. Cohn that the picture was in line with the mayor.
I go back to the two, handle it most expeditiously and as cheaply as possible, we would have photos that made rather than photos that way.
The Secretary's statement was to be delivered to you as Donserry if he would handle the photos that he would have.
I said that Donserry should have and for the family of Secretary Steven and Mr. Shion.
Some new and more necessary co-mitter than expected.
That you wanted a picture of Secretary Steven Donserry.
I'll wrap you down.
Did I say anything about cutting it?
Mr. Cohn did not say anything.
I understand, Bush.
In fact, it was too narrow and I did turn with Donserry's.
The following morning, the of the enlarge for the spats of the security with check it, and with Cedar, I got it right away.
Sometimes at 10 o'clock in the morning because I know I was rushing to get it to you before the hearing.
I received several enlarged photos stats of this picture, plus being a picture of the three persons.
I haven't seen it.
I received, I believe, two enlarged photos stats of this and two photos stats like this to identify what you mean by this.
Mr. Giuliani, you first file a picture of the picture of Secretary Steven and Mr. Shion.
Well, I'm staying.
Upon receiving, upon receiving, I believe there were two photos stats of each picture and one large negative of this picture only.
When you say this picture only, Mr. Giuliani, we request you to identify.
The picture of Secretary Steven's, Mr. Shion and a panel.
Upon receiving those, I immediately proceeded to mount the picture of Secretary Steven and Prada Shion on a piece of white cardboard.
The other pictures I've put in a filing cabinet where they have been more or less on a more custody until I get a gun of Shion.
Because I was meant to believe that that was what you wanted in the hearing.
I did not know why you wanted them, this picture in the hearing.
I mounted it, I put the caption at the top, the wire AFC dash 460 November 17 1953, and I was 11, 19 1953, and I physically wrapped it in a newspaper and brought it to your office approximately 1028 of Friday morning.
You told me at that time that you did not think that we were going to be a gratification of Secretary Steven.
You told me to keep it in my custody that you would hold me responsible for the picture.
Therefore, I returned to room 101, and I placed the picture in a large filing cabinet with a combination lock on it.
It was not locked, I do not know the combination.
I did not touch the picture again until the morning that you requested this to be brought to the hearing room, which I believe was Monday morning from that mistake.
At that time, I took the picture out of the filing cabinet.
I gave it to Mrs. Mims, and I instructed her to bring it to your office immediately.
It was still wrapped. I do not know if she saw what was in it or not, but was in the wrapping.
You received the photograph in large photograph of Secretary Steven and Mr. Shaw.
Mr. Giuliana, I think you have made it very clear.
I joined you in that which Mr. Giuliana, this question.
At whose direction was Colonel Bradley cut from the picture?
To my knowledge, Colonel Bradley was never cut from the picture.
All right. Have it anyway now.
You know what we mean, do you not Mr. Giuliana?
I know what you mean. He was left off of the picture.
All right, left off at whose direction?
At whose direction was Colonel Bradley left off of the picture that was introduced here by me?
Earlier this week.
As I previously testified, it was my understanding.
After talking with you and Mr. Cohn about this picture, that you wanted a picture of Secretary Steven and Private Shaw.
I gave those instructions to Mr. Serene.
I don't know what you think as I previously testified.
Then you gave the directions to Mr. Dom Serene.
What was your expression to leave off?
No sir.
I was just wondering what you were going to do with Mr. Serene.
What was your expression to leave off?
No sir.
My instructions were to have photos that blown up photos that of the picture of the three individuals made.
And also to have photos that of the two individuals made, namely, Secretary Steven and Private Shaw.
Mr. Julianna, did that not mean to your mind?
Did you not intend to convey them to Mr. Serene?
You're intention or you wish or you desire.
That Mr. Colonel Bradley be left off of the picture.
Yes sir.
I never knew Colonel Bradley was on this picture until I opened it down in the middle of the world.
And you were present when I was told that there was an existing picture of the Secretary.
The Secretary of the Army and David Chine, you say?
Yes sir.
And you were present when I was told that whose instance the picture was made, and please don't tell what was said.
But you were present?
Yes sir.
And I was in asked for that picture.
I have no further questions.
Damn it.
Does the Chairman understand that there are available in large photo steps, not only the one which you have before you of Secretary Steven's and Mr. Chine?
I have a chine, but also photo steps which were made at the same time showing everybody on the picture.
Yes sir.
Do we have those in the country or here available?
That is the same one.
And we are here to be three, one rather than two, about as well as all of us as the other of the three people.
Who is a specific decision was it, Mr. Juliano, to bring to the committee room in the newspaper in evidence to which the enlarged photo step of Mr. Juliano when you carried Secretary Steven's and Mr. Chine?
The latest gentleman, we are sorry, time does not permit us at this time to continue with the Army McCarthy hearings.
However, for your information we will appear in the hearing that this was taken and he considered that information important.
No sir.
Why did you consider it important?
Because the photo steps are...